Just to hit home about the I.D. and class lectures we can also combine them.
So first and foremost if we would like to add the idea of let's say title and this is going to be my
main title.
I can just add the I.D. and I can also add the styling.
So just because you already have the class doesn't mean that you cannot add the I.D. as well as you
can add the second class.
So let's say here not only all going to have the out of title but we're also going to have I don't know
the class of lowercase.
So again the naming is not going to be the best one but this is just to show you that we can work not
only with multiple classes for the same element as well as we can use the I.D. combined with classes.
Now how this is going to work.
So let's say I'm gonna go back to the style C assess and we're gonna say the I.D. for the title was
just gonna say that font size is going to be really big.
And again we're gonna cover these properties in a second and just need to show you how things work with
classes and ideas and let's say for the idea of title we're gonna have the font size with 40 pixels.
So I was right away how it got bigger but then let's say we also have a class of lowercase lowercase
and for this one we have texts transform again and property we're gonna cover later but we're gonna
have the lowercase.
In this case.
So every time I started with I am gonna be turned into lowercase.
Now again the main difference between the idea selectors and class letters because as you can see the
only thing was the syntax in the C assess but everything else was the same but in the each the amount
you should use only I.D. as something unique so don't add the same idea with the title somewhere else
here.
Our class is we can reuse how we would like.
So for everything that I wanted green I could just add the class of green power for lowercase if I would
just want let's say this class of red also lowercase i can do the same thing.
So now this guy has the lowercase and hopefully you get an idea or classes we can reuse them.
However I would like wherever thing that we all want to style our with ideas they should be unique.
So you shouldn't reuse them with the same value.